Add label fqn description (#397)
santiment/academy: src/docs/labels/label-fqn/index.md

---

> title: Label-fqn

Reviewer: The title should be human readable, i.e. `Label FQN`.
Also, let's also put in brackets what `fqn` means.

author: Vladimir
date: 2024-04-09

> description: Labels usage in API

Reviewer: Not necessarily in the API -- it applies to Sanbase, Queries and API.

---

## Description
This page outlines the format and use of string identifiers for labels, which are primarily utilized in our API to reference labels. These identifiers can also be found in Sanbase.

### General Structure

> A typical label identifier follows the format `santiment/owner->binance:v1`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A typical label identifier follows the format `label_owner/key->value:version`. For example: `santiment/owner->binance:v1`.
```

- `santiment`: Indicates the creator of the label. Most users will primarily use labels created by the Santiment team.
- `owner`: Denotes the key of the label. Our academy provides a comprehensive list of all available labels.
- `binance`: Represents the value of the label. Suitable for labels that possess values, this information can be specified within each label in the academy.
- `v1`: We employ versioning when assigning labels with specific algorithms to ensure consistency. When an algorithm is updated, we introduce a new version to accommodate changes, while still providing access to labels generated by previous versions.

### Labels Associated with Assets
For labels like whale or whale_usd_balance, there's the option to include an asset in the identifier. For example, to identify addresses labeled as whale within the EtherFi asset ether-fi-ethfi, the label identifier would be santiment/whale(ether-fi-ethfi):v1.

### Labels Featuring Key->Value Pairs

> To obtain addresses associated with specific values, such as owner, you can also specify the value, like Binance. For instance, a label identifier for addresses belonging to Binance would be `santiment/owner->binance:v1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `value` part of the key can be used to obtain the addresses that are associated with that value.
For example `santiment/centralized_exchange:v1` will select any address that is owned by a CEX.
To obtain the addresses of Binance, use the `owner` key and `binance` value: `santiment/owner->binance:v1`.
```
